For the portfolio, I have changed the links in th html into actual buttons because I did not understand the javascript before, and I dis not know how to achieve them. With, button, I have attached a link that you can go and check out in the footer, and I implemented the feedback section. The text typed into the textbox will be recorded and showed with an alert message after the user press the button. I added the hover, enlarge, and change color transformation to all buttons and links. I also changed the style of the button like border-radius to make it look nicer. I also added the icons to the button.I changed the background color of all section titles. I change the fonts of some text to look more harmonic like self-info part. I also added links to the description about the courses I have previously taken. I have adjusted the picture to use relative units so that it can fits the screen better. I adjust the margin and padding of the text in each section so that they will not appear at the very right of the scrren. I also added more courses that I have taken to enrich the content. 

I added the third party javascript Google Analytics for tracking below the head section. By adding this to the webpage, I can tell how many people are actually reading my portfolio so that I can determine whether I should deliver my resume more frequently to attact people to this webpage. Google Analytics helps me to check for the data in my website. If any incorrect data flow is detected, like hundreds of visits within an hour, I may respond quickly to check whether there is an abnormal dysfunction or attack happening. 